the top eight singles players and
doubles teams were on parade in London
at the official launch of the Barclays
ATP world tour finals the stars were
dressed for an occasion that attracted
the world's mediums ago now in its 40th
year the prestigious season-ending
climax is a chance to win the biggest
indoor tournament in World Tennis it
could also decide who will end the year
at the top of the south african airways
2009 ATP rankings table with Rafael
Nadal and Roger Federer in a race to
clinch the world number one spot after
sixty five tournaments spanning six
continents in 32 countries the final
curtain went up in London world number
two rafael nadal is in Group B along
with Novak Djokovic Nikolay Davydenko
and robin söderling who replaces the
injured Andy Roddick
rafa nadal and my favorite surface is
play andres not out i think that is more
than a tennis player it's a vick icon
not only for tennis back for the spores
of course everybody would like to be not
out for one day the first five months
was fantastic season for me like that I
had a few problems I had the injury so
that difficult he's my fifth year
qualifying for the master's wife and
play well maybe he's not enough I go I
cry and I wanna be difficult but you
never know what happened it's been a
coming back year in a sense now for
Rafael he's done okay on the hard courts
in the autumn but once again I'm sure he
would want to leave a final impression
on the Year and winning London
novak djokovic my favorite city is
Belgrade I had a lot of success invasion
soil I found the right form right shape
just before long the Masters Cup which
is obviously in this part of the year
the most important term the o2 arena is
brand new and the most of the biggest
has to have been sold so we can expect
you know a packed stadium for for each
match he's a defending champion as well
although it's the first one in London he
is the Masters champion and that you
will want to to maintain that to hold on
to that trophy winning the crown is a
special feeling and special achievement
and you must be very proud of yourself
robin söderling my favorite tennis
player growing up was Thomas in question
if you look at all the top guys you know
they and they don't really have any
weaknesses they handles every shot in
the game well every day moving well they
did they're basically doing everything
well and that's I think that's what you
need to do to if you wanted to be in the
top into this mess this year I want a
lot of I want a lot of matches against
good players so my conference is is good
day to be fine with something that I've
been dreaming about since since I
started playing tennis and I always
always wanted to do well in grand slams
and maybe maybe one time play it ATP
finals so there will be very nice
Nikolay Davydenko my favorite surface
record
yes I feel good for London because I
didn't play three months and for me play
end of november it's great it's clearly
proved himself to be to be among among
the very best and he to me is is the big
dark awesome in london the last result
in our last tournament in the year and
he know it's only the best of eight guys
coming there i think it's also important
for me in my career like to finish top
10 in this year